The first step I took in defining
a complete generator was to complete this deconv function.
So, here's my complete function and I'm approaching this
in the same way that I did the conv helper function.
Basically, creating a shortlist of layers using
patriotic sequential wrapper to return these as a complete module.
So, I start with an empty list of layers,
then I'm defining a transpose convolutional layer using the past and parameters.
So, some input and output channels and I again plan to use a kernel size of four,
a stride of two and a pattern of one to effectively
upsample any input by a factor of two in the x and y dimensions.
Then I append this transpose convolutional layer to my list of layers.
In here I address the batch norm case.
If the batch norm parameter is true which is the default,
that I'm creating a batch norm layer which will be applied
to the outputs of my transpose convolutional layer.
If the batch norm parameter is false,
I'm not going to add anything more to our list of layers.
Finally, I'm using the sequential wrapper to group my layers together and
return them as a module that I can use in my generator class definition below.
Next, I'll move on to defining the generator class.
So, I know that this generator will see a latent vector z as input.
Then the first step will be to put this through a fully connected layer that
gives us enough outputs to reshape into a deep and small layer.
So, in this case,
I want to actually create a four by four by 128 layer from these linear outputs,
and I'm choosing 128 just because I want to shrink this in half
with two more layers to 64 then 32 eventually.
So, with this goal in mind,
I want the linear layer to produce four by four by 128 outputs.
Now let's look at this class.
I have my first fully connected layer.
This takes in a latent vector z inputs and produces a desired number of outputs.
This number was just defined by me with a goal of
reshaping these into a four by four by 128 layer.
So, I have four by four and then a conv_dim which is 32 by four which is 128 here.
Then I'm defining three transpose convolutional layers.
I know I need three because I need to get from a size of
four-by-four to my desired output image size of 32 by 32.
So, let's imagine what happens to our input as it moves through these layers.
It starts as a four-by-four shape,
then after the first layer,
it will become eight by eight,
then 16 by 16 and finally 32 by 32.
You'll also notice that as I used my helper function I'm going from deep layers
and decreasing the depth as I create more and more transpose convolutional layers.
So, I'm going from a depth of conv-dim times four to conv-dim times two,
to finally conv-dim and finally three.
Am using a kernel size of four for each of these and allowing
a batch norm layer to be applied to all but the last transpose convolutional layer.
For my final layer,
I know I'll have my desired spatial size of 32 by 32 and I also
want my desired depth which is going to be an output of three for an RGB image.
So, all these layers together complete
my init function and I can move on to the forward function.
This should look pretty familiar with a couple of special and important steps.
First, I'm passing my input x which will actually
be a vector z through my first linear layer.
This is going to produce a desired number of outputs
that I'm then reshaping into the shape I want.
So, let's look at each of these dimensions.
This negative one is going to be a place holder for a batch size.
Then they have some depth that's defined by my convolutional dimension,
in this case, this will be the value 128.
Finally, I have my width and height which are just going to be four by four.
Then I can proceed with passing this v-shaped output
to my transpose convolutional layers and passing
it in sequence to my first second transpose
convolutional layers and applying a normal relu activation function.
Finally, I'm passing this output to my third transpose convolutional layer,
and applying a tan h activation on this last output.
So, this returned output should be a generated image that's 32 by
32 by three in shape and with pixel values in a range from negative one to one.
The next steps will be to instantiate a discriminator and generator
and set up our optimization strategy for training these networks.